Assignment  6:-

q-1: What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
ans: Easy to prevent repetitions among multiple projects.
Responsive design that can be used to adapt screen sizes and choose what shows and what doesn't on any given device.
Maintaining consistency among projects when using multiple developer teams.
Quick design of prototypes.

q-2: What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work? 
ans: Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system. Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them. While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container.

q-3: What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
ans: Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

q-4: What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System? 
ans: Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together.

q-5: What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5? 
ans: Bootstrap4: It has 5 tier (xs, sm, md, lg, xl), It has limited colors, It has jquery and all related plugins, Bootstrap 4 supports both IE 10 and 11, Radio buttons, checkboxes have different look in different OS and browsers. The form uses whatever default browsers provide, We cannot modify utilities in bootstrap 4, We use .glutter with fontsize in px, Columns can be positioned relative, Bootstrap 4 doesn’t have its own SVG icons, we have to use font-awesome for icons.
Bootstrap5: It has 6 tier (xs, sm, md, lg, xl, xxl), Extra colors added with the looks, A card improved color palette. there are various shades available to choose, Jquery is removed and switched to vanilla JS with some working plugins, Bootstrap 5 doesn’t support IE 10 and 11, The look of form elements will not change, on different OS or browser. The forms can be customized and form controls can be added, they would not depend on browser, Bootstrap 5 gave freedom to modify and also create our own utility, We use .g* with fontsize in rem, Columns cannot be positioned relative, Bootstrap 5 have its own SVG icons.	 

q-6: What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group? 
ans: “Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally. This is the basic syntax of the button group class where each button has its own class of “btn”.

q-7: How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
ans: Step 1: Include Bootstrap and jQuery CDN into the <head> tag before all other stylesheets to load our CSS.
Step 2: Add <div> tag in the HTML body with class row. In that <div> create four div sections to create four images.
Step 3: Add “col-sm-6” and “col-md-3” to four div sections which creates webpage responsive.
Step 4: Add <a> tag with class value thumbnail to define the link of the image in the next line.  <a href="#" class="thumbnail">

q-8: In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
ans: Flexbox. The biggest difference between Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 is that Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout. The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structure without using float or positioning.

q-9: How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
ans: <div class="alert alert-success">
  <strong>Success!</strong> Indicates a successful or positive action.
</div>

9-10: What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one? 
ans: A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options. If you're familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails.








