Assignment  2:-

q-1: What are the benefits of using CSS?
ans: 1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed.
2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting.
3) Quicker Development Time.
4) Easy Formatting Changes.
5) Compatibility Across Devices. 

q-2: What are the disadvantages of CSS?
ans: Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue.
Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently.
Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data.
Extra Work for Developers. 

q-3: What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
ans: The biggest difference between CSS2 and CSS3 is that CSS3 is now split into different modules. Since each module makes its way through the W3C individually, there's a wider range of browser support. Make sure you test your CSS3 pages in as many browsers and operating systems as possible to ensure compatibility.

q-4: Name a few CSS style components 
ans: Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. For example, font-size , width , background-color .
Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.

q-5: What do you understand by CSS opacity?
ans: The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.

q-6: How can the background color of an element be changed?
ans: To add background color in HTML, use the CSS background-color property. Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. Then add this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

q-7: How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
ans: To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property. You can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property if you do not want to repeat an image, in this case, the image will display only once.

q-8: What is the use of the background-position property? 
ans: The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

q-9: Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
ans: The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

q-10: Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
ana: Why background and color are the separate properties if they should always be set together? There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

q-11: How to center block elements using CSS1?
ans: Step 1: Define the external width – We need to define the external width. Block-level elements have the default width of 100% of the webpage, so for centering the block element, we need space around it. So for generating the space, we are giving it a width.
Step 2: Set the left-margin and the right-margin of the element to auto – Since we produced a remaining space by providing external width so now we need to align that space properly that’s why we should use margin property. Margin is a property that tells how to align a remaining space. So for centering the element you must set left-margin to auto and right-margin to auto. 

q-12: How to maintain the CSS specifications?
ans: Media Queries is an enhancement of the @media rules of CSS and the “media” attribute in HTML. It adds parameters such as size of display, color depth and aspect ratio. This is because within a class of media (such as TV sets) there can still be important variations. It is related to the work on CC/PP, but is a much more light-weight and limited solution.

q-13: What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
ans: CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements. Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section. External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

q-14: What is embedded style sheets? 
ans: Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.

q-15: What are the external style sheets? 
ans: An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

q-16: What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
ans: advantages:- With the help of External Style Sheets, the styles of numerous documents can be organized from one single file.
In External Style Sheets, Classes can be made for use on numerous HTML element types in many forms of the site.
In complex contexts, Methods like selector and grouping can be implemented to apply styles.
disadvantages: An extra download is essential to import style information for each file.
The execution of the file may be deferred till the external style sheet is loaded.
While implementing style sheets, we need to test Web pages with multiple browsers in order to check compatibility issues.

q-17: What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
ans: A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

q-18: What are the media types allowed by CSS? 
ans: all, aural, braille, embossed, handheld, print, projection, screen, tty, tv.

q-19: What is the rule set? 
ans: A collection of rules or signatures that network traffic or system activity is compared against to determine an action to take—such as forwarding or rejecting a packet, creating an alert, or allowing a system event.

q-20: Create Layouts
ans: layout in html file->.